one of the most popular features on
instagram is stories
wouldn't it be great if you can get
hundreds if not thousands of people to
mention you within their story
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down how you can get
mentioned more in other people's
instagram stories
now before we get started if you're on
youtube make sure you subscribe and
click the alert notification if you're
on facebook twitter linkedin any other
social networks make sure you subscribe
as well
as you can see on my screen i'm on a
site called mobilemonkey i'm going to
quickly sign in
this is an app that i use to get more
instagram story mentions and i'm going
to show you the results that i'm getting
and the responses
you hear people talking all the time
like oh you need to create great content
such as creating quotes and tweets and
you know videos and great images but
that's a given you need to create good
content and even if you create good
content there's no guarantee of success
but naturally as you do create good
content every once in a while you are
going to get people mentioning within
their stories what i found is the people
who mention you in one story are much
more likely to mention you in future
stories
so if you can see here i'm going to go
into my inbox this is all the people
that are messaging me on
uh instagram and i'm doing something
interesting right now that works really
well
so if you can see here
someone mentioned me
hey i just wanted to say thanks for
mentioning me in your story i really
appreciate it hope all is well
and she was ecstatic that she i i ended
up responding with that and then she
ended up responding and then of course i
take the time to respond as well here's
another person story mention hey i just
wanted to say thanks for mentioning my
story i really appreciate hope all as
well
and again
thanks neil you're amazing all is well
if you ever need branding i'm here for
you right here's another one let's see
what they said instagram welcome to our
message
let's go to a different one that's not
that uh here's one story mentioned hey i
just wanted to say thanks for mentioning
me in your story i really appreciate it
some people respond not everyone does
but a lot of people do respond and it's
actually worked out quite well for me
so if i look out here as well is this
nope that's not a story mention
uh con nope that's not a story mentioned
hey i just wanted to say thanks for
mentioning me in your story i really
appreciate it
and some people respond some people
don't
here's another one story mentioned hey i
just want to say thanks for mentioning
the story really appreciate hope as well
always man i look up to you really
appreciate it
um and you're gonna get quite a bit of
responses so
in essence what i'm doing is i'm
responding to people but if i responded
to them manually that's a lot of work
so what i do here i'm going to click on
the sidebar in mobile monkey so i click
on chat bot
and i go to
instagram story mention so you need to
connect your instagram account if you
don't have it there you'll want to click
it and i just go to instagram story
mention
and then there's a default template
i created my own
so i use text based replies you can add
a widget here's an example of a widget
like i can add a text-based response
quick question an image notification a
gif
and i respond with the same thing every
time hey i just want to say thanks for
mentioning your story i really
appreciate hope all is well with you
and then a user can reply to text i
could add another widget here let's say
if i want to show image
and i can show image after if they
respond with something in other words
what i'm doing is i'm creating canned
responses
and this creates more people when they
mention me in a story to feel like i'm
giving them a personal response and yes
it is a canned response but i do follow
up if they respond with a personalized
response and by doing this it's building
more of a loyal following
then as i create more content publish
more stories more people are going to
mention me um and typically if you just
push out good content people will
mention in their stories
but to really get that loyal following
where they're more likely to mention you
like your post comment on it you need to
engage with them that's a whole concept
of social media but responding to
everyone takes a lot of time tracking
and login to instagram to see who
mentions you within their story every
hour is really inefficient so i just do
this i just create a canned response
it's been working super well for me i've
been engaging with people as you can see
not everyone responds but roughly half
the people do and it creates that
loyalty and again if they ask me for
anything i'll be there to respond and
help them out and that you want to
manually do you don't want to
continually use canned responses but if
you just do this it's a simple hack
right you just go to the chat bot
section once you're logged to
mobilemonkey click on instagram story
mentions and then create your first one
and you can just copy what i did right
it's just a widget that you create and
they give you a generic template it's a
text-based widget that i use and you can
just copy my response hey i just want to
say thanks for mentioning your story i
really appreciate it hope all is well
with you i tested a few others this one
tends to work the best in getting the
most responses and the most people
hearting your message in which they're
saying like i like it
try it out in the long run this will
help you get more story mentions and
build a much more loyal following on
instagram if you have any questions
leave a comment below if you enjoyed
this video like it share it tell the
people about it thank you for watching